The digital world is more real than the offline version
At past when all what you could see and recognized should be infront of your nose and in the middle of your own hands, the reality was taken as something established, something that was tangible and with seeming measurables changes. But now a days, with the evolution of technologies, and specifically speaking about internet, many questions about the balance between the digital life and the “tangible” real life have been staged on many spaces and conversations. Is undeniable that the life what we live today is richer than the 200 years ago one because all the information that we can access interconnects us and in certain way makes us the life easier. Opening many possibilities to know things that are away of our surroundings and resources. The question if the digital life is more real depends of the angle and the role of each person  has in the web daily use.
Starting from the British Dictionary definition of reality that says that reality is the state of things as they are or appear to be rather than as one might wish them to be, and secondly, using as a reference of the reality understanding an Aristotle’s quote that says: "There is nothing in my intellect that was not gone through my senses", we can make a quick conclusion that let know that the things we determine as real, are the product of our perception and conclusion of the state of things.
The digital world has a longer range, you can transport you to different places through a click wich doesn´t make it more real but to see the real world throuhg the virtual one. Advances in technology have made posible the creation of three dimensional worlds that many people use as a parallel life, because in the online world your indentity is protected in some way, and you could be whoever you want. 

